1.2) As a feasibility study involved some degree of architectural design, integrating steps for QA during this phase of estimating on a project can ensure allocation of quality objectives into appropriate subsystems development teams and foster better detail specifications, according to incremeneted deliverables, early on.  Identifying specific responsibilities as corresponds to subsystem groups, earlier, allows each group to build their implementation to a more precise level of detail.

1.4) When a spiral model employing incremental prototyping phases for risk reduction is paired with architectural design for testability using a build order that supports testing after each stage of construction is used, a conflict might arise in the prioritization of each functional aspect of the system as to when it is implemented.  For example, an integral aspect to the architecture of a web chat client at a lower-level may seem less crticial when using a prototyping approach that focuses more on the GUI.  If the architectural plan is developed and implemented in unison, the prototype may be demonstrative of changes to architectural design, using say SMS (text-messaging protocol) from the get-go and GUI implementations based on it developed throughout.

1.5) Doubling MTBF would seem the more optimal choice to reducing customers' frustration due to disrupted downloads of the classic movies, for they can more confidently initiate downloads and leave their download machines unattended.  If availability is increased yet there are more, say 1-minutes system failures, during say, peak time, more customers will have likely experienced failed downloads due to disruption and more of them, at least, will be further frustrated and likely to abandon recording download services.

1.6) It is possible but not likely The customers of chip monk who are savvy and familiar with web based shopping procedures are not the same as those who enter the retail outlets both as relates to check out and asking for store assistance while shoppoing.  For instance, Chipmunk faces the possibility of overlooking the opportunity to make additional product support or extended services recommendations using their online sales approach vs. where customer unawareness could be visibly interpreted in a face-to-face setting.  Chipmunk may wish to reconsider its beta-atesting venue and audience or to better attract a more representational sampling pool to test out the software in-person at the retail stores.

